Create Send Data > Druva C2C Source doc (#1884)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/druva-source.md

---
id: druva-source
title: Druva
sidebar_label: Druva

> description: This document explains how to configure the Druva Cloud-to-Cloud source setup on the Sumo logic environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to configure the Druva Cloud-to-Cloud source setup in your Sumo Logic environment.
```

---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The Druva source provides the ability to analyze and fetch event logs from the **Druva inSync** API and send it to Sumo Logic. The **Druva inSync** backs up endpoint data and cloud applications, such as Microsoft Office 365 and Salesforce. It also provides archiving, data compliance monitoring, legal hold management, monitoring and detection tools to discover ransomware and E-discovery.

This integration accesses the Druva inSync API to retrieve audit events. API documents can be found
[here](https://developer.druva.com/docs/event-apis).

## Prerequisites

Before you begin setting up Druva source, you must meet the following requirements:
* An administrator account is required for **Druva inSync** Cloud.
* Enable the **Export Events** option. To know the steps, see the [Configure Druva inSync](#configure-druva-insync-to-export-events) section.
* Obtain access tokens by [authentication](#authentication).

### Configure Druva inSync to export events

> Only Druva inSync Cloud administrator can enable the option to export events and define the Events API settings. To get the event logs, follow the steps to enable the **Export Events**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note
You must be a Druva inSync Cloud administrator to enable the option to export events and define the Events API settings.
:::

To get the event logs, follow the steps to enable the **Export Events**:
```

2. On the [inSync Management Console](https://docs.druva.com/Endpoints/030_Set_up_inSync_for_Endpoints/010_Initial_Configuration/010_Sign_in_to_inSync_Management_Console/Sign_in_to_inSync_Management_Console) menu bar, click <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/send-data/druva-wheel-icon.png')} alt="druva-wheel-icon.png" width="20"/> icon > **Settings**. The Settings page appears.
3. Click the **inSync APIs** tab.
4. In the Events API settings area, click **Edit**. The Edit Events API Settings window appears.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/send-data/druva-events-api-settings.png')} alt="druva-events-api-settings.png" width="450"/>
5. Select the **Export Events** checkbox.
6. Click in the **Categories to export** box and select the events that you want to export from inSync.
7. In the **Syslog facility** field, type a value between 1 and 23 to assign a Syslog facility ID for inSync events. The default value is 23.
8. Click **Save**.

### Authentication

Druva supports OAuth 2.0-based authentication for incoming requests. Every use of Druva APIs requires authentication to ensure that only authorized users can interact with Druva APIs.

> All the requests to Druva APIs are authenticated using OAuth 2.0 access token which you receive in exchange of every authorization grant request you make. The OAuth token will expire after 30 minutes for [Data Governance Cloud](https://apis.druva.com/) and 15 minutes for [Data Governance GovCloud](https://govcloudapis.druva.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All requests to Druva APIs are authenticated using OAuth 2.0 access tokens, which you receive in exchange of every authorization grant request you make. The OAuth token will expire after 30 minutes for [Data Governance Cloud](https://apis.druva.com/) and 15 minutes for [Data Governance GovCloud](https://govcloudapis.druva.com/).
```

A Druva Source goes through the following states when created:

1. **Pending**. Once the Source is submitted, it is validated, stored, and placed in a **Pending** state.
1. **Started**. A collection task is created on the Hosted Collector.
1. **Initialized**. The task configuration is complete in Sumo Logic.
1. **Authenticated**. The Source is successfully authenticated with Druva.
1. **Collecting**. The Source is actively collecting data from Druva.

If the Source has any issues during any one of these states, it is placed in an **Error** state.

When you delete the Source, it is placed in a **Stopping** state. When it has successfully stopped, it is deleted from your Hosted Collector.

On the [Collection page](/docs/manage/health-events#collection-page), the Health and Status for Sources is displayed. Use [Health Events](/docs/manage/health-events.md) to investigate issues with collection. You can click the text in the Health column, such as **Error**, to open the issue in Health Events to investigate.

## Setup and configuration Source

> When you create a Druva Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a Druva Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).
```

When Sumo Logic detects an issue, it is tracked by Health Events. The following table shows three possible error types. It tells the reason for the error, if the source attempts to retry, and the name of the event log in the Health Event Index.

| Type | Reason | Retries | Retry Behavior | Health Event Name |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| ThirdPartyConfig  | Normally due to an invalid configuration. You'll need to review your Source configuration and make an update. | No retries are attempted until the Source is updated. | Not applicable                                                    | ThirdPartyConfigError  |
| ThirdPartyGeneric | Normally due to an error communicating with the third-party service APIs.                                     | Yes                                                   | The Source will retry indefinitely.                               | ThirdPartyGenericError |
| FirstPartyGeneric | Normally due to an error communicating with the internal Sumo Logic APIs.                                     | Yes                                                   | The Source will retry indefinitely.                   | FirstPartyGenericError |

## JSON configuration

> Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [how to use JSON to configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources can be configured using UTF-8 encoded JSON files with the Collector Management API. See [How to use JSON to configure Sources](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources) for details. 
```

1. **Base URL**. Choose the base url from the drop-down menu as per your requirements — [Data Governance Cloud](https://apis.druva.com) and [Data GovernanceGov Cloud](https://govcloudapis.druva.com).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('/img/send-data/druva-base-url.png')} alt="druva-base-url.png" width="400"/>
1. **Client ID**. Enter your Client ID. To get Client ID, follow the instructions from [Create and Manage Druva API Credentials](https://docs.druva.com/Druva_Cloud_Platform/Integration_with_Druva_APIs/Create_and_Manage_API_Credentials).
1. **Secret Key**. Enter your Secret Key. To get Secret Key, follow the instructions from [Create and Manage Druva API Credentials](https://docs.druva.com/Druva_Cloud_Platform/Integration_with_Druva_APIs/Create_and_Manage_API_Credentials).
1. When you are finished configuring the Source, click **Save**.

> ## Error types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Error Types
```

Reviewer: Stet - [headers must be sentence case](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/style-guide/#capitalization)

When Sumo Logic detects an issue, it is tracked by Health Events. The following table shows three possible error types. It tells the reason for the error, if the source attempts to retry, and the name of the event log in the Health Event Index.

| Type | Reason | Retries | Retry Behavior | Health Event Name |
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| ThirdPartyConfig  | Normally due to an invalid configuration. You'll need to review your Source configuration and make an update. | No retries are attempted until the Source is updated. | Not applicable                                                    | ThirdPartyConfigError  |
| ThirdPartyGeneric | Normally due to an error communicating with the third-party service APIs.                                     | Yes                                                   | The Source will retry indefinitely.                               | ThirdPartyGenericError |
| FirstPartyGeneric | Normally due to an error communicating with the internal Sumo Logic APIs.                                     | Yes                                                   | The Source will retry indefinitely.                   | FirstPartyGenericError |

> ## JSON configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## JSON Configuration
```

Reviewer: Stet - [headers must be sentence case](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/style-guide/#capitalization)
